the situation here is deteriorating day
after day as the shortage of a fuel food
and water is aggravating the situation
here as you can see I'm talking to you
in front of a yor school in the center
of jab refug Camp which is
overated this is the accumulated garbage
on the entrance of the yor school and
this could spread the diseases
increasingly and that shows you the
insufficient sewage facilities here in
the in this
area sewers are overflowing in every
house on every street which is causing
an environmental disaster it's leading
to the spread of serious diseases and
it's putting more pressure on hospitals
which already have limited medical
supplies and
capabilities and people are still
waiting for water to fill their gallons
on this is
cool people have to walk a really long
way to get to this area for water there
are no other water stations in the camp
and the water is only turned on once a
week on Fridays between 10:00 a.m. and
2:00 p.m. or sometimes it's even turned
off at 100: p.m. this is the situation
here and nothing El sh and as you can
see they are struggling every day to
adapt to this new live
nothing
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer